First draft for a persona based documentation. (#1731)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/_index.md

## High-quality, ubiquitous, and portable telemetry to enable effective observability

<div class="h3 mt-4">Start your OpenTelemetry journey</div>
<div class="l-primary-buttons">

- [Dev](/docs/getting-started/dev)

> - [Ops](/docs/getting-started/ops)

Reviewer: I'm not sure how it could be achieved, but I'd propose that we keep the **Learn more** button, who just want to learn more without having to be pigeonholed into **Dev** or **Op** -- which might just be confusing for some. WDYT?

Author: yes, I think that's true... I was thinking about having a "Learn More" or "See OpenTelemetry in Action" thingy where people get a super quick intro and then can watch a video of the demo and try things out.

## High-quality, ubiquitous, and portable telemetry to enable effective observability

> <div class="l-primary-buttons">

Reviewer: IMHO, you should reinstate the `mt-5`, since it given balance (equal space) before and after the description.

- [Learn more](/docs/concepts/)

</div>

<div class="h3 mt-4">

> <a class="get-started-link" href="/docs/getting-started">Get started</a> based on your role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a class="text-secondary" href="/docs/getting-started/">Get started</a> based on your role
```

</div>
<div class="l-get-started-buttons">

> - [Dev](/docs/getting-started/dev)
> - [Ops](/docs/getting-started/ops)

Reviewer: The "canonical" paths for the OTel website, always end in a slash, FYI:

```suggestion
- [Dev](/docs/getting-started/dev/)
- [Ops](/docs/getting-started/ops/)
```
